-So, today is the day.
-Uh-huh!
I'll catch up
with you later.
Yeah!
All right!
I'll see you later, Coach!
[Tsubasa]
Bye, guys!
Does he always take
the ball with him
when he goes outside?
Yes.
You know,
I've been wondering...
Huh?
Tsubasa was supposed to
go to school in Shutetsu
to be part of
their famous soccer team.
Why the sudden
change of plans?
He really insisted that
he wanted to be transferred
to Nankatsu
and it looks like he's
already making new friends.
And on top of that,
the great Roberto Hongo
is going to be coaching him.
I'm sure his dad
will be very happy.
Hmm...
Huh?
Medical diagnosis report.
[Tsubasa]
Hey, Roberto!
Do you have the uniform
you wore
when you played for
the Brazilian national team?
What?
Yeah, I'd love to see
the uniform
that you wore back then for
the national team, Roberto!
All right.
Whoa, this is so cool!
Number 10!
Have a look at this, Mom.
It's the real thing!
It looks really good.
By the way, Roberto,
you did wash it before
giving it to him?
Huh?
Of course, I washed it!
-[chuckle]
-[Tsubasa] Robero!
Someday,
I'll take on the world
with the best team
anyone has ever seen.
Even Brazil won't stand
a chance against me.
[Roberto] [chuckle]
There you go.
-[Tsubasa] [chuckle]
-I'll never forget that.
I know you can do it!
-Okay!
-[chuckle]
"The world", he says...
[Nakano]
What?
Did you just say that
the soccer club won a match?
[laugh]
How about you see the score
with your own eyes?
Oh, wow, you're right!
5-2 against Nishigaoka?
That's awesome!
How did your lame
soccer club
manage to score five goals?
[chuckle]
Well, thank you for asking.
Our new club member,
Tsubasa,
scored four of those goals
all by himself.
What's more,
the one who scored
the deciding fifth goal
was me! [chuckle]
My head shot was literally
a perfect goal!
It was thanks to
Tsubasa's cross,
to be honest.
-[Ryo] Uh...
-Just hold on a minute.
Who is this Tsubasa
character?
And when exactly did he
become a team member?
Well, actually...
We ran into each other
out of pure luck
during our last
spring break.
By pure luck?
What're you talking about?
Wait a second,
that means that
if it weren't for
that Tsubasa guy,
you wouldn't have
scored any goals?
[chuckle]
One person
scoring four goals
is even better
than a hat trick.
Even Shutetsu doesn't
have someone like that.
We have some news
that'll surprise you too.
Our soccer club
now has a coach.
Yeah, I nearly forgot.
Our coach is
the former member
of the Brazilian
national soccer team,
-Roberto Hongo.
-What're you talking about?
Isn't that awesome?
He's an acquaintance
of Tsubasa.
Just what kind of guy
is this Tsubasa character?
Look, there he comes.
-Huh?
[Sanae]
Is that Tsubasa?
[Ryo]
Yeah, that's him.
Why is he dribbling
the ball right now?
Just as expected.
He's been dribbling
all the way from home.
All the way from home?
He's always like that.
Wherever he goes,
he keeps on dribbling.
Whoa...
He's really good at it.
[Nakano] It must be true
he scored five goals.
He looks like
the kind of guy
who could do
something like that, right?
Well, I did score
one of them.
He only got four goals in.
Hey, Tsubasa!
Good morning, Ryo!
What's up?
Tsubasa Ozora...
This is Tsubasa.
He is your new classmate.
Make sure you make him
feel welcomed.
Tsubasa,
please intorduce yourself.
Hey, what's up, guys?
My name is Tsubasa!
By the way, uh...
why did you bring
a soccer ball to class?
'Cuz it's my best friend.
[chuckle]
-It's your best friend?
-Yeah!
Guess what?!
Tsubasa has
joined the soccer club!
This year, our club will
be different from before.
The inter-school tournament
is gonna be great!
[chuckle]
Sanae, I'm trusting you
with cheering us on.
Can you handle that?
Isn't Tsubasa
the really awesome player?
The rest of you
never won a single game.
You're all just members of
the no-good soccer club.
[Tsubasa]
That's not true.
Huh?
Yeah, until the tournament,
if Ryo and the others
become better friends
with the soccer ball,
they'll get better
at soccer.
Roberto said so, guys.
He called the ball
his "best friend."
All right!
Let's all go see
the new soccer team
practice after school,
you guys.
-All right!
-Yeah!
Uh...
Well, let's get ready.
The entrance ceremony
is about to begin.
[Principal] Students of
Nankatsu Elementary,
especially those in
the fourth and upper grades
who are in a sports club...
I know you are all
restlessly waiting for
today's entrance ceremony
to end.
[Principal]
From today on,
you'll start practicing
in preparation for
the inter-school tournament
with Shutetsu.
Don't slack off!
-Yes, Coach!
You guys have to work hard
to win our third consecutive
inter-school tournament!
-Yeah!
Listen up, kendo club!
-[yelling]
-We must erase
the humiliation
of last year.
Don't give up,
keep on running!
The inter-school tournament
is around the corner.
Let's keep on training!
[narrator] The inter-school
tournament...
It's a sports festival
where each club
of the two elementary
schools of this town,
Nankatsu Elementary
and Shutetsu Elementary,
compete during a whole day.
On the eve of
the 26th tournament,
Nankatsu has 12 victories,
12 losses and a draw.
It's a perfect tie.
Go Nankatsu!
One, two!
One two!
This year, we'll finally
be able to settle the score.
It's no wonder that
each club is fired up.
Isn't that right, Sanae?
Uh-huh.
The biggest problem
is the soccer club.
Let's go and check out
just how good Tsubasa is.
All right, we're off
to the soccer field, guys!
-Let's go!
Oh my, Roberto left
his jersey out here.
Ace striker, number 10...
Roberto Hongo.
He's not Tsubasa,
but that's still very cool.
Oh, I need to clean.
Oh! Oh no!
Huh?
Medical report?
I'm sorry, Roberto.
[gasp]
What does this mean?
Roberto...
It can't be...
The weather's so nice!
Dear Coach Joao...
After all, it was useless.
I did everything I could
and upon the advice
of Captain Oozora,
I've finally made it back
to my homeland.
Yet, the diagnosis
still says
that I have
retinal detachment.
It's true that
we were late to notice it.
If I keep on playing
soccer any longer,
and receive a strong
shock during a match,
I will become blind...
forever.
Please announce that
I'll be retiring.
Give my best
to the rest of the team.
I plan to stay
in my homeland
for the time being.
Incredible dribbles
from the Brazilian
national team player,
Roberto Hongo!
So, I have become unable
to play professional soccer.
But as things are,
it might be best for me
if I lived in my homeland.
You don't need
to worry about me.
I've been preparing
myself for this
ever since I left Brazil.
But if ever return
to Brazil one day,
I have a feeling that
I won't be alone.
In my homeland,
I've found a new flame.
His passion for the game
reminds me of my own.
Hey, guys,
let's start practicing!
-Yeah!
[Roberto] And that flame's
name is Tsubasa.
Ah!
Roberto!
Hey, Coach!
All right!
Let's do this!
Roberto!
A-Awesome...
[gasp]
That was a nice shot,
Roberto!
Nice pass, Tsubasa!
[Sanae]
So cool!
-Uh...
-Did you see it?
Did you? Did you?
Did you guys see
that awesome shot?
Yeah, I did!
Tsubasa's pretty good,
but that old man
is not bad either.
That long shot was crazy.
Is that their new coach?
Is that who Ryo was
talking about earlier,
that Brazilian player?
His name is
"something-something" Hongo.
The name's Roberto Hongo.
You are talking to
a Brazilian
national player, guys.
An ex-player, though.
And who are you?
They're the cheering squad
of Nankatsu.
Oh!
I'm Sanae Nakazawa
and I'm the leader of
Nankatsu's
cheerleading squad.
Everyone calls her "boss."
[growl] Hey! You better
keep quiet, Ryo!
Really? Did you guys come to
cheer our soccer club then,
Did you guys come to cheer
our soccer club then,
or just to watch?
Not really.
Ryo has been
telling everybody
about yesterday's match
and we were just curious
about Tsubasa
and you, Coach.
-Oh?
-Huh?
Ryo was boasting about
our lame soccer club
having such
a big transformation.
We've come to see
what that's all about.
Oh? Hmm...
Okay!
We're gonna start with
a practice match!
A match?
It's a welcoming party for
the new member, Tsubasa.
[growl]
Seriously?
A welcoming party?
This'll be the opposite of
the time when
I first met Tsubasa,
the match between him
and B team of Shutetsu.
[Roberto] Tsubasa will be
attacking alone.
Ryo and others
will pass the ball.
Mark him...
In short,
you'll try not to have
the ball taken from you.
If Tsubasa gets the ball,
he'll shoot.
The time limit
is five minutes.
If his shot becomes a goal,
Tsubasa wins.
If you manage to protect
your goal for five minutes,
Ryo's side wins.
Isn't this a really
crazy idea?
Even if he is really good,
isn't this a little unfair?
Sshh!
Shut up and watch.
We're all gonna play
against Tsubasa?
He'll get the ball
in the blink of an eye
for sure.
Just have a little faith,
you guys!
If he takes the ball,
you just have to
take it back.
Wouldn't winning against
Tsubasa be the best?
Easier said than done, Ryo!
It's all of us
against Tsubasa...
Let's do this!
-All right!
Bring it on, Tsubasa!
Here I go, everybody!
-Start!
-[whistle]
Here he comes!
Hiroshi, follow Tsubasa!
I'm on it!
[grunt]
I'm sorry, Tsubasa.
We'll be holding you down
for the next five minutes.
[grunt]
Huh? He's passed!
He got past them!
Hey, you guys,
somebody cover him!
Here!
[grunt]
Oh!
Oh! Uh, here you go!
[grunting]
Go after him!
Here I come!
[grunting]
Come on, recover it!
I got this one!
-[grunt]
-Huh?
-Amazing!
-He's fast.
[panting]
[growl]
Guys, go after him!
[grunt]
[Ichikawa]
He's so strong.
Ryo's team is
no match for him.
He's got great talent,
don't you think, Sanae?
With him on the team,
we have a real chance
this year!
Whoa...
Three minutes to go.
We still have time!
Let's recover the ball!
We can let Roberto down!
-Yeah!
-[grunt]
[yelling]
Whoa!
-Oh!
-Ah!
Whoa!
Get up, Manabu!
Just one more minute left.
[growl]
[grunting]
[panting]
[Ryo]
Good!
They've changed
their attitude!
[Ryo] We'll quickly
improve ourselves
by training with Tsubasa!
Coach knew about that.
That's why he chose him
as our opponent!
Perfect!
We'll go for the victory
in the inter-school
tournament, after all!
[grunting]
-Oh!
-[gasp]
[grunt]
Here it goes!
-He did it!
-[whistle]
-[Roberto] It's over!
[laugh]
Wow, that was awesome!
What a great goal!
Too bad we lost that one!
Tsubasa's really amazing!
He's so cool!
Tsubasa!
[Ryo] You really have
a powerful kick!
Thank you... It's 'cuz
I really love soccer.
Hey, what's going on
with you, Sanae?
You look really weird.
You're acting different
all of a sudden.
Hey, Sanae? Hello?
Tsubasa...
is so cool!
-What?!
You're getting
all mushy on us, Sanae!
Congratulations to everyone.
You have managed to give
Tsubasa a good match.
[Roberto]
You have to promise to keep
training hard every time.
Okay?
-Yeah!
Shoot!
[grunting]
Hm?
Is there any updates?
Yes, they started training
with their new coach,
the ex-Brazilian player
Roberto Hongo.
I'm really curious to see
how far that team
will progress
under the direction
of a professional.
I don't think
any of the other players
will be a challenge.
Hm?
[Genzo] In the game
against Nishigaoka,
The only one who made
a difference was Tsubasa.
Don't underestimate them.
I'm not worried about
anyone on that team.
I'm going to be
ready for them!
[Nakano] That training
was really hard.
This Brazilian coach
really made them work hard.
I'm exhausted just
by looking at them.
[yawn]
I'm exhausted!
[panting]
Seriously?
You guys are so weak!
Now what's your problem?
Look at Tsubasa.
[Sanae]
He still looks fresh.
[Ryo]
But he's not like us!
It's no wonder everybody
always makes fun
of you guys.
I thought you really wanted
the team to get better.
Calm down.
It'll take a lot of time
and practice.
You've gotta be patient.
I dunno if I can!
Inter-school tournament
is about to start!
You're right!
That's why...
Remember, kids...
you'll have to become
best friends with the ball
if you want to win
your matches.
Tsubasa and coach
are always telling us
how important that is.
How can we become
best friends with the ball?
Always bring it with you.
You must remember to take it
everywhere you're going.
At school, eating lunch...
Everywhere.
-Huh?
Isn't that how you
you always do it, Tsubasa?
Yeah, pretty much.
You're always
dribbling the ball
on the way to school?
Yeah!
That's right, guys.
Tsubasa did not
learn that from me.
He's been doing it since
he was a little boy.
Whoa...
From now on,
you can't use your hands.
The soccer ball
does not appreciate it
when you carry it
with your hands.
Wait a minute!
Are you telling me
we have to dribble the ball
wherever we go,
like Tsubasa does?
I know you can do it!
Yeah, you have to!
Easy for you to say!
You want to
get better, right?
What about the goalkeeper,
though?
Hmm... I guess the same
goes for you,
but sometimes, you can
use your hands too.
Whoa, cool!
That's not fair!
That'll be all for today.
Guys! Make sure you go home
dribbling the ball!
-Are you serious?!
[Ryo] Yeah!
See you later, Tsubasa.
Hey, see you tomorrow, guys!
Why don't you
cool it a little?!
-Huh?
-Please don't embarrass us
in front of Tsubasa!
[growl]
Be quiet already!
That looks really
difficult for them.
These guys are awful...
I know, but that's how
they're gonna get better.
This is so exciting!
I can't wait
'till the start of
the inter-school tournament!
[grunting]
I'm starving!
I need to get home quickly.
-[Tsuyoshi] Oh no!
-Huh?
Just my luck!
What am I going
to do now, Ryo?
Aw, what a mess...
Huh? Hold on...
Do you live
around here, Manabu?
Not really,
but my best friend
won't even listen to me!
What am I gonna do?
Uh...
I'm not really sure if we
can make it home like this.
It's cool to be goalkeeper!
He's very good.
As good as when
I was his age.
[Roberto]
No... Maybe even more.
[Tsubasa]
There you go!
The ball hasn't even
touched the ground.
Hey, Tsubasa,
do you like soccer?
What a question.
Of course I do!
Perfect!
From now on, you have to
wake up at 5 a.m. to train.
Uh...
I'm going to teach you what
real Brazilian soccer is.
Ah! All right.
Dear Coach Joao...
I've found
a glimmer of light.
His name is Tsubasa.
I'll take my chances on him.
He has a lot of potential.
I'll make him
a world-renowned player.
I know I've left the field,
but soccer will always be...
a part of my life.